nato's and the destruction left behind
but what you're about to see is truly
fascinating thanks to technology and one
firefighter rusty Surette gives us a
front row seat to a developing disaster
rusty at Kelley right before that
tornado touched down on Tuesday
afternoon an Oak Cliff firefighter had
put on a helmet that had a very small
camera attached to it that video along
with some 9-1-1 calls you're about to
hear will give you a very rare a very
unique look into what happens after
mother nature unleashes her violence I
could see the debris cloud I knew it was
hitting businesses major damage right
off the bat you know I knew that we as
soon as we come out if we didn't take a
direct hit we were going to work as we
noticed it was coming directly towards
the station we went into the safe room
in the station we started to sign in
districts crews and started going out
got down there to Waterloo in Broadway
we started making a sweep of the
buildings and houses that were destroyed
down through there and we didn't
everybody gotten out you saw on the
video where I stumbled across the little
puppy that is buried and they're in the
house and so and he was ok I passed him
office and police officers and
I say I saw you was getting good care
this is probably the most up close and
personal I've gotten doing